README.md, before:

[![Appveyor Build](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/4bmtx8d5x0e99bvf?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/waitblock/linkcheckerbot)

# Link Checker Discord Bot

A Discord bot which traces where a URL redirects to help you make sure you aren't visiting a sketchy/malicious link that could potentially download a virus or grab your IP.

## License

(c) 2021 Ethan (waitblock). All rights reserved.

This project does not have a license, meaning that you may not copy, distribute, or modify any of the source files. See [this](https://choosealicense.com/no-permission/) for more details.

However, you may use the source code of this project to host the bot yourself.

## Commands

See the [src/help.txt](https://github.com/waitblock/LinkCheckerBot/blob/main/src/help.txt) file for more information.

## Installing

If you are using Linux, you can use [this script](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/waitblock/LinkCheckerBot/main/scripts/install.sh) to download the project and install all the required tools and dependencies.
(Note: You will need to put a token inside the TOKEN file.)

### [Public Invite Link](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=874390266193260594&permissions=34360085568&scope=bot) (The bot will likely be offline.)

Commit message:

update readme to remind people to change the owner id in the config file

README.md, after:

[![Appveyor Build](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/4bmtx8d5x0e99bvf?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/waitblock/linkcheckerbot)

# Link Checker Discord Bot

A Discord bot which traces where a URL redirects to help you make sure you aren't visiting a sketchy/malicious link that could potentially download a virus or grab your IP.

## License

(c) 2021 Ethan (waitblock). All rights reserved.

This project does not have a license, meaning that you may not copy, distribute, or modify any of the source files. See [this](https://choosealicense.com/no-permission/) for more details.

However, you may use the source code of this project to host the bot yourself.

## Commands

See the [src/help.txt](https://github.com/waitblock/LinkCheckerBot/blob/main/src/help.txt) file for more information.

## Installing

If you are using Linux, you can use [this script](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/waitblock/LinkCheckerBot/main/scripts/install.sh) to download the project and install all the required tools and dependencies.
(Note: You will need to put a token inside the TOKEN file, and modify the `owner-id` in the config.json file.)

### [Public Invite Link](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=874390266193260594&permissions=34360085568&scope=bot) (The bot will likely be offline.)
